# Personal Travel Agent Application Overview
The Personal Travel Agent application combines the Watson Dialog Service and Watson Personality Insights Services to provide a POC Watson conversational solution for the travel indsutry. The application currently allows users to converse with Watson for an initial intent of having lost their luggage.  The Watson Personal Travel Agent suggest possible remedies - find a clothing store to replace luggage clothing or a grocery store to replace toiletries.  Additional intents may be added at a later point in time.

#### Building the App (maven)
Switch to the navigator view in Eclipse, right-click the `pom.xml`, and select `Run As -> Maven Install` with the goals-> `clean install -Dmaven.test.skip=true -U` to skip integration tests and use the most updated plugins.

During the installation, the following tasks are done:
* The JS code is compiled. That is, the various Angular JS files are aggregated, uglified, and compressed. Various other preprocessing is performed on the web code, and the output is copied to the `<projectName>/src/main/webapp/dist` folder in the project.
* The Java code is compiled, and JUnit tests are executed against the Java code. The compiled Java and JavaScript code and various other artifacts that are required by the web project are copied to a temporary location, and a `.war` file is created.
* The Maven installation instantiates a new Websphere Liberty Profile server, deploys the `.war` file to the server, starts the server, and runs a battery of integration tests against the deployed web application.

#### Deploying the App in Bluemix
Deploy the WAR file that you built in the previous section by using Cloud Foundry commands.
1. Navigate to the directory that contains the WAR file you that you generated by running the following command in the terminal: 
    ``cd <projectName>/target``
2. Connect to Bluemix by running the following command: 
    ``cf api https://api.ng.bluemix.net``
3. Log in to Bluemix by running the following command: 
    ``cf login -u <yourUsername> -o <yourOrg> -s <yourSpace>``
4. Deploy the app to Bluemix by running the following command: 
    ``cf push <yourAppName> -p <warName>.war``



